
  STAR STOLES AND SHAWLS BOOK No. 86      10¢

  Stoles
  AND SHAWLS

  Hairpin Lace
  Knitted
  Crocheted

[Illustration: INSTRUCTIONS ON PG. 14]

[Illustration]




_STOLES and SHAWLS_....

_SHAWLS and STOLES_....

_such comfortable wool fashion accessories to wear to the movies,
church suppers, Grange meetings, the theater and the senior prom. Here
is a collection for daytime and evening wear in easy, knit, crochet
and hairpin lace stitches. Mix your colors or match them. Stoles are
the fashion and, of course, they look so much prettier if you can say
“I made it myself”. Remember ... the softest stoles are made with DAWN
Brand Wools and Nylon._

_The American Thread Company_

[Illustration]

_260 W. Broadway, New York 13, N. Y._

  _Copyright 1951_      _Printed in U. S. A._

[Illustration: INSTRUCTIONS ON PAGE 12]




KNITTING ABBREVIATIONS

  K           Knit
  P           Purl
  St          Stitch
  Sts         Stitches
  Sl st       Slip Stitch
  Tog         Together
  Y.O.        Yarn Over
  P.S.S.O.    Pass slip stitch over K st

 *(Asterisk)--This sign indicates that the instructions immediately
 following are to be repeated the given number of times plus the
 original.

 **Are used in the same way.


CROCHET ABBREVIATIONS

  ch         Chain
  st         Stitch
  sts        Stitches
  sl st      Slip Stitch
  s c        Single Crochet
  s d c      Short Double Crochet
  d c        Double Crochet
  tr c       Treble Crochet
  d tr c     Double Treble Crochet
  tr tr c    Triple Treble Crochet

 *(Asterisk)--This sign indicates that the instructions immediately
 following are to be repeated the given number of times plus the
 original.

 **Are used in the same way.




_Park Avenue_


=KNITTED=

=Materials Required: AMERICAN THREAD COMPANY “DAWN” PERMANENT “CRIMP
SET” NYLON=

  =_or_
  “DAWN” BRAEBURN SPORT YARN
  _or_
  “DAWN” SOCK & SWEATER YARN=

  4 ozs. Canary or Buttercup.
  2 ozs. Beige or Sand.
  2 ozs. Wood Brown or Dk. Brown.
  1 pr. knitting needles No. 5.
  Plastic crochet hook No. 4.

=GAUGE=: 13 sts = 2 inches.

With Canary or Buttercup cast on 432 sts and work in pattern as
follows: P 1 row, K 1 row, P 1 row.

=4th Row.= K 2 tog, 3 times, * Y O, K 1, 6 times. K 2 tog, 6 times,
repeat from * across row, ending with Y O, K 1, 6 times, K 2 tog, 3
times.

Repeat last 4 rows twice.

=13th Row.= P across row.

=14th Row.= K across row.

=15th Row.= P across row, cut yarn.

=16th Row.= Attach Beige or Sand and K across row. Repeat from 1st to
15th rows, cut yarn.

=32nd Row.= Attach Wood Brown or Dk. Brown and K across row. Repeat
from 1st to 15th rows, cut yarn.

Continue in the above manner alternating colors, until there are 3
strips of Canary or Buttercup, 2 strips of Beige or Sand and 2 strips
of Wood Brown or Dk. Brown. Crochet a row of s c all around, working 3
s c in each corner and 2 s c in center st of each scallop across each
long edge, matching colors at each short end.

=FRINGE=: Wind yarn over a 3 inch cardboard, cut one end. Using one
strand, double in half and loop through each s c, across each short end
matching the colors.




_Nob Hill_


=KNITTED=

  =Materials Required: AMERICAN THREAD COMPANY=
  =“DAWN” BRAEBURN SPORT YARN=
  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” SOCK & SWEATER YARN=

  6 ozs. Jockey Green
  3 ozs. National Blue
  1 oz. Scarlet
  3 ozs. White
  1 oz. Maize
  1 pr. plastic knitting needles No. 6.
  Bone crochet hook No. 3 or 4

=GAUGE=: 6 sts = 1 inch

The entire stole is worked in garter st. K each row.

With Green, cast on 116 sts and work in pattern as follows: * Work
6 rows in Green, 6 rows White, 2 rows Green, 2 rows Maize, 4 rows
National Blue, 8 rows Green, 6 rows White, 2 rows Green, 2 rows Maize,
4 rows National Blue, 2 rows Scarlet, repeat from * 14 times, then work
8 rows Green, 4 rows National Blue, 2 rows Maize, 2 rows Green, 6 rows
White and 6 rows Green, bind off.

With Green work a row of s c all around working 3 s c in each corner.

[Illustration]




_Peachtree Street_


=CROCHETED=

  =Materials Required: AMERICAN THREAD COMPANY=
  =“GEM” CROCHET COTTON, Article 35, size 20=
  =_or_=
  =“STAR” CROCHET COTTON, Article 20, size 20=

  6 balls White or color desired.
  Steel crochet hook No. 5.

=GAUGE=: 3 knot sts = 2 inches.

Draw up a ¹⁄₂ inch loop on hook, thread over and pull through loop, s c
over single loop of st, repeat from beginning 63 times (63 single knot
sts), turn.

=2nd Row.= Skip 3 single knot sts, s c in s c between knot sts, ** work
a double knot st (double knot st: * draw up a ¹⁄₂ inch loop on hook,
thread over and pull through loop, s c over single loop of st, repeat
from * once), skip 1 s c between knot sts, s c in next s c between
single knot sts, repeat from ** across row, work 3 single knot sts to
turn each row.

=3rd Row.= S c in loop to right of s c of next double knot st, s c in
loop to left of s c of same double knot st, * double knot st, s c in
loop to right of s c of next double knot st, s c in loop to left of s
c of same double knot st. Repeat from * across row, work 3 single knot
sts, turn and repeat last row until work measures 68 inches or length
desired.

=EDGE=: Work a row of double knot sts all around stole but drawing the
loops up 1 inch instead of ¹⁄₂ inch.

Dip in thin starch and block.




_Beacon Hill_


=KNITTED=

  =Materials Required: AMERICAN THREAD COMPANY=
  =“DAWN” PERMANENT “CRIMP SET” NYLON=
  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” BRAEBURN SPORT YARN=
  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” SOCK & SWEATER YARN=

  10 ozs. Pink or color desired.
  1 oz. Black.
  1 pr. each knitting needles No. 2 and No. 5
  Steel crochet hook No. 3.

On No. 2 needles cast on 69 sts and work in ribbing of K 1, P 1 for
4¹⁄₂ inches, increasing 68 sts evenly spaced on last row of ribbing
(137 sts). Change to No. 5 needles and work in pattern as follows:

=1st Row.= K 8, * P 2, K 2 tog, YO, K 1, YO, sl 1, K 1, p.s.s.o.,
repeat from * across row, ending row with P 2, K 8.

=2nd Row.= K 10, * P 5, K 2, repeat from * across row, ending row with
P 5, K 10.

=3rd Row.= K 8, * P 2, K 5, repeat from * across row, ending row with P
2, K 8.

=4th Row.= Same as 2nd row.

Repeat last 4 rows until work measures 50¹⁄₂ inches from the beginning.
Change to No. 2 needles, work in ribbing decreasing 68 sts evenly
spaced (69 sts). Work even in ribbing for 4¹⁄₂ inches, bind off. Block
shoulderette. Sew ribbing and 6 inches above ribbing together.

=EDGE=: With wrong side of work toward you attach Black at end of seam,
1 s c in same space, * ch 3, 1 s c in 2nd st from hook, 1 s c in next
st of ch, skip ¹⁄₈ inch space, s c in next space, repeat from * all
around shoulderette, cut yarn. Work same edge around each cuff. Tack
collar back as illustrated.

[Illustration]




_Country Club_


=KNITTED=

  =Materials Required: AMERICAN THREAD COMPANY=
  =“DAWN” PERMANENT “CRIMP SET” NYLON=
  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” POMPADOUR=
  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” INFANTS WOOL=
  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” BABY YARN=

  9 ozs. Buttercup or color desired.
  1 pr. plastic knitting needles No. 10.

Cast on 114 sts and K 1 row.

=1st Row.= K 1, * P 3 tog, K 1, P 1, K 1 into next st, repeat from *
across row, ending row with K 1.

=2nd and 4th Rows.= P across each row.

=3rd Row.= K 1, * K 1, P 1, K 1 into next st, P 3 tog, repeat from *
across row, ending row with K 1.

Repeat these 4 rows for pattern. Work even in pattern until work
measures 64 inches from the beginning ending with 4th row of pattern.
Bind off. Work a row of s c across each short end.

=FRINGE=: Cut strands 6 inches long. Using 2 strands, double in half
and loop through each st across each short end.




_Plaza_


=KNITTED=

  =Materials Required: AMERICAN THREAD COMPANY=
  =“DAWN” KNITTING WORSTED=

  10 ozs. Scarlet and

  =“STAR” RAYON CROCHET, Article 700=

  2 balls Buttercup.
  1 pr. plastic knitting needles No. 8.

=GAUGE=: 7 sts = 2 inches.

With Scarlet cast on 70 sts, K 1 row, drop Scarlet.

=2nd and 3rd Rows.= Working with a double strand, attach Buttercup and
K each row, cut Buttercup.

=4th and 5th Rows.= Pick up Scarlet and K across each row.

=6th Row.= K 1, * Y O needle twice, K 1, repeat from * across row.

=7th Row.= K 1, * drop the 2 yarn overs from needle without knitting
them, K 1, repeat from * across row, drop Scarlet.

=8th and 9th Rows.= Same as 2nd and 3rd rows.

=10th and 11th Rows.= Same as 4th and 5th rows.

=12th, 13th, 14th and 15th Rows.= Same as 6th and 7th rows.

=16th and 17th Rows.= Same as 2nd and 3rd rows.

=18th and 19th Rows.= Same as 4th and 5th rows.

=20th to 25th Rows.= Same as 6th and 7th rows.

=26th and 27th Rows.= Same as 2nd and 3rd rows.

=28th and 29th Rows.= Same as 4th and 5th rows.

Repeat from 20th to 29th rows 17 times more.

=Next 4 Rows.= Same as 6th and 7th rows.

=Next 2 Rows.= Same as 2nd and 3rd rows.

=Next 2 Rows.= Same as 4th and 5th rows.

=Next 2 Rows.= Same as 6th and 7th rows.

=Next 2 Rows.= Same as 2nd and 3rd rows.

=Next 2 Rows.= Same as 4th and 5th rows, bind off.

=FRINGE=: Wind Scarlet over a 5 inch cardboard, cut one end. Using 1
strand, double in half and loop through each st across each short end.

[Illustration]




_La Louisian_


=CROCHETED=

  =Materials Required: AMERICAN THREAD COMPANY=
  =“DAWN” PERMANENT “CRIMP SET” NYLON=
  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” BRAEBURN SPORT YARN=
  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” SOCK & SWEATER YARN=

  12 ozs. National Blue or Med. Blue.
  2 ozs. Sand.

  =_and_=
  =“STAR” RAYON CROCHET, Article 700=

  5 balls Buttercup.
  2 balls each Red and Black.
  Plastic crochet hook No. 4 or =F=.

With Blue, ch 4, join to form a ring, ch 3 (counts as 1 d c in each
row) and work 11 d c in ring, join in 3rd st of ch.

=2nd Row.= Ch 3, 1 d c in next d c, * 2 d c, ch 2, 2 d c in next d c
(corner), 1 d c in each of the next 2 d c, repeat from * twice, 2 d c,
ch 2, 2 d c in next d c, join in 3rd st of ch.

=3rd Row.= Ch 3, 1 d c in each d c, 2 d c, ch 2, 2 d c in the ch 2 loop
at each corner, join in 3rd st of ch.

Repeat last row 3 times, cut yarn (22 d c on each side).

=7th Row.= Attach Buttercup, ch 1 and work 1 s c in each d c, 1 s c, ch
3, 1 s c in the ch 2 loop at each corner, join in ch 1.

=8th Row.= Ch 1, work 1 s c in each s c, 1 s c, ch 3, 1 s c in the ch 3
loop at each corner, cut yarn.

=9th Row.= Attach Blue, work same as 3rd row, cut yarn.

=10th and 11th Rows.= Attach Buttercup, work same as 7th and 8th rows,
cut yarn.

=12th Row.= Attach Blue, work 1 d c in each s c, 2 d c, ch 2, 2 d c in
the ch 3 loop at each corner.

=13th to 16th Rows.= Work same as 3rd row, cut yarn (54 d c on each
side).

=17th Row.= Attach Buttercup, work same as 7th row, cut yarn.

=18th Row.= Attach Black, work same as 8th row, cut yarn.

=19th to 23rd Rows.= Attach Blue, work same as 12th to 16th rows, cut
yarn.

=24th and 25th Rows.= Attach Buttercup, work same as 7th and 8th rows,
cut yarn.

=26th Row.= Attach Sand, ch 3 (counts as part of 1st cluster st), d c
in same space, * ch 1, skip 1 st, 2 d c cluster st in next st (2 d c
cluster st: 2 d c in same space keeping last loop of each d c on hook,
yarn over and pull through all loops at one time), repeat from * all
around working 2 cluster sts with ch 2 between in the ch 3 loop at each
corner, join in 3rd st of ch, cut yarn (43 cluster sts on each side).

=27th Row.= Attach Red Rayon, work same as 7th row, working 1 s c in
each cluster st and 1 s c in each ch 1.

=28th Row.= Ch 3, 1 d c in each s c, working 2 d c, ch 2, 2 d c in the
ch 3 loop at each corner, join.

=29th Row.= Work same as 7th row, cut yarn.

=30th Row.= Attach Sand, work same as 26th row, cut yarn.

=31st Row.= Attach Buttercup, work same as 27th row.

=32nd Row.= Work same as 8th row, cut yarn.

=33rd to 37th Rows.= Attach Blue, work same as 12th to 16th rows, cut
yarn.

=38th Row.= Attach Buttercup, work same as 7th row, cut yarn.

=39th Row.= Attach Black, work same as 8th row, cut yarn.

=40th Row.= Attach Blue, work same as 26th row, cut yarn.

=41st, 42nd & 43rd Rows.= Attach Buttercup, work same as 27th, 28th and
29th rows, cut yarn.

=44th Row.= Attach Blue, work same as 26th row, cut yarn.

=45th Row.= Attach Black, work same as 27th row, cut yarn.

=46th Row.= Attach Buttercup, work same as 8th row, cut yarn.

Repeat the 19th to 46th rows once, cut yarn.

=75th Row.= Attach Blue and work 1 s c in each s c, working 3 s c in
the ch 3 loop at each corner, join, cut yarn.

=FRINGE=: Wind Blue over a 10 inch cardboard, cut loops at one end.
Using 2 strands, double in half and knot fringe in every other st
across each side and one in each of the 3 sts at each corner around
entire shawl. * Take half of one group of fringe and half of next group
of fringe, knot together ³⁄₄ inch from 1st row of knots, repeat all
around, then repeat from * for another row of knots. Trim fringe evenly.

[Illustration]




_Esplanade_

  _Illustrated on page 3_


=HAIRPIN LACE=

  =Materials Required: AMERICAN THREAD COMPANY “DAWN” PERMANENT “CRIMP
  SET” NYLON=

  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” BRAEBURN SPORT YARN=
  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” SOCK & SWEATER YARN=

  6 ozs. Scarlet.
  6 ozs. National Blue or Med. Blue.
  2 inch hairpin staple.
  Steel crochet hook No. 4.

Wind Scarlet around 2 prongs of staple and tie tightly in center over
the 2 strands thus forming a loop on each prong. With yarn in back,
insert hook in left hand loop close to center knot, yarn over hook and
pull through loop, * push the hook upwards so that it parallels the
prongs and pass between the prongs to the back of staple, turn the
staple ¹⁄₂ turn to right and place yarn in front of staple, wind yarn
around left prong to the back of staple and bring to center, insert
hook up through the front yarn of previous loop on left side close to
the center, yarn over hook and pull up a chain through previous loop on
staple (2 loops on hook), yarn over and pull through 2 loops, repeat
from * until there are 352 loops on each side, cut yarn, leaving a 6
inch length of yarn.

Work 8 more strips in Scarlet and 8 strips in Blue in same manner.

=JOINING=: Working across the long side of a strip of Blue and a strip
of Scarlet, insert hook in first 2 loops of Scarlet strip and keep on
hook, insert hook in first 2 loops of Blue strip and pull the 2 Blue
loops through the 2 Scarlet loops, there are 2 Blue loops on hook, *
pull the next 2 Scarlet loops through the 2 Blue loops on hook, then
pull the next 2 Blue loops through the 2 Scarlet loops on hook, repeat
from * until the 2 strips are joined, fasten last 2 loops securely with
the 6 inch length of yarn. Join remaining strips in same manner having
2 Scarlet strips on each outside edge and alternating colors when
joining.

=EDGE=: Working on long side, attach Blue in first 2 loops, s c in same
space, * ch 1, s c through next 2 loops, repeat from * across side, 3 s
c in corner, work in s c across short end working 4 s c over each loop,
work other 2 sides to correspond, join.

=Next Row.= 1 s c in each s c and 1 s c in each ch 1 loop on long
sides, 1 s c in each s c across short sides and 3 s c in center st at
each corner.

=Next Row.= 1 s c in each s c, cut yarn.

=FRINGE=: Wind Blue over a 6¹⁄₂ inch cardboard, cut one end. Using 4
strands, double in half and loop through every other s c across each
short end, trim evenly.




_Wilshire_

  _Illustrated on page 3_


=CROCHETED=

  =Materials Required: AMERICAN THREAD COMPANY “DAWN” KNITTING WORSTED=

  20 ozs. White or color desired.
  Plastic crochet hook No. 8.

=GAUGE=: 1 shell = ³⁄₄ inch.

Ch 74, s c in 2nd st from hook, * skip 2 sts of ch, 4 d c with ch 1
between each d c in next st, skip 2 sts of ch, s c in next st, repeat
from * 11 times (12 shells), ch 4, turn.

=2nd Row.= D c in next s c, ch 1, s c in center loop of next shell,
* ch 1, 1 d c, ch 2, 1 d c in next s c between 2 shells of previous
row, ch 1, s c in center loop of next shell, repeat from * across row,
ending with 2 d c with ch 1 between in last s c, ch 1, turn.

=3rd Row.= S c in next ch 1 loop, * 4 d c with ch 1 between each d c in
next s c, s c in next ch 1 loop, repeat from * across row, ch 4, turn.
Repeat last 2 rows until stole measures 70 inches from the beginning
ending with 2nd row of pattern, cut yarn.

=FRINGE=: Wind yarn over a 7″ cardboard, cut one end. Using 2 strands,
double in half and loop through each st across each short end.




_Campus Queen_

  _Illustrated on next page_


=CROCHETED=

  =Materials Required: AMERICAN THREAD COMPANY “DAWN” BRAEBURN SPORT=
  =YARN=

  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” SOCK & SWEATER YARN=

  5 ozs. Scarlet.
  9 ozs. Jockey Green.
  1 oz. Canary.
  Steel crochet hook No. 1.
  Tapestry needle for weaving.

With Scarlet ch 243, d c in 5th st from hook, * ch 1, skip 1 st of ch,
d c in next st, repeat from * across row (120 meshes), ch 4, turn.

=2nd Row.= D c in next d c, * ch 1, d c in next d c, repeat from *
across row, ch 1, d c in 3rd st of ch 4, ch 4, turn. Repeat 2nd row for
entire square in the following color scheme, * 5 rows Scarlet, 1 row
Canary, 5 rows Scarlet, 5 rows Jockey Green, repeat from * until shawl
is square.

=WEAVING=: Thread Scarlet in tapestry needle and working lengthwise,
weave over one mesh and under next mesh, weave same color in same mesh
reversing the over and under, weave 4 more rows of meshes in Scarlet,
* 1 row of Canary, 5 rows Scarlet, 5 rows of Jockey Green, 5 rows
Scarlet, repeat from * across shawl. Weave all ends in securely. With
Jockey Green crochet 11 rows of d c all around, working 3 d c in center
st at each corner of each row.

=Next Row.= Ch 5, skip 2 d c, d c in next d c, * ch 2, skip 2 d c, d
c in next d c, repeat from * all around working 1 d c, ch 3, 1 d c in
each corner.

=FRINGE=: Wind Jockey Green over a 7 inch cardboard, cut one end. Using
3 strands, double in half and loop through each ch 2 loop all around.

[Illustration]




_Gold Coast_

  _Illustrated on Cover_


=HAIRPIN LACE=

  =Materials Required: AMERICAN THREAD COMPANY=
  =“DAWN” POMPADOUR=
  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” BABY YARN=
  =_or_=
  =“DAWN” INFANTS WOOL=

  5 ozs. Pink or color desired.
  1--4 inch Hairpin Staple.
  Plastic crochet hook No. 2.

=HAIRPIN LACE=: Make a loop at end of yarn and place 1 prong of staple
in loop just made, insert hook in loop, wind yarn around right prong
of hairpin staple, yarn over hook and draw through loop keeping work
at center, * drop loop from hook, turn staple ½ turn to the left, pick
up the dropped loop at center, yarn over hook and pull through loop,
insert hook through top part of loop on left hand prong, yarn over and
pull through (2 loops on hook), yarn over and pull through both loops
completing the single crochet, repeat from * for length desired.

Work a length of hairpin lace having 352 loops on each side of staple,
cut yarn.

Work 4 more strips in same manner. Join yarn in 2 loops of first length
and work 1 s c in same space, * ch 1, 1 s c over 2 corresponding loops
of second length, ch 1, 1 s c over next 2 loops of first length, repeat
from * across length, cut yarn. Join 3rd strip to 2nd strip and 4th
strip to 3rd strip and 5th strip to 4th strip in same manner.

=EDGE=: Working across side edge of stole, join yarn in 2 end loops of
stole, 1 s c in same space, * ch 4, slip st in 3rd st from hook for
picot, ch 1, 1 s c over next 2 loops, repeat from * across side, cut
yarn. Work opposite side in same manner.

=TASSELS=: Wind yarn 20 times over a 3 inch cardboard, cut one end, tie
in center, then tie about ¹⁄₂ inch down from top. Work 17 more tassels
in same manner and attach to short ends of scarf as illustrated.




_Metropolitan_

  _Illustrated on Cover_


=HAIRPIN LACE=

  =Materials Required: AMERICAN THREAD COMPANY “DAWN” BRAEBURN SPORT
  YARN=

  6 ozs. White or color desired.

  =_and_=
  =“DAWN” POMPADOUR=

  2 ozs. White.
  3 inch hairpin staple.
  Plastic crochet hook No. 6 or H.

With Sport Yarn using No. 6 crochet hook hold the fork in left hand,
loop yarn around fork and securely tie knot in center. (Keep working
end of yarn always at rear of work.) Insert hook through loop on left
prong, draw rear yarn through loop, making a single crochet stitch at
the knot in the center, * withdraw hook, turn fork one-half turn to the
left, replace hook, then insert through loop at the left side of the
fork, pick up rear yarn and pull through loop completing an s c, repeat
from * until there are 595 loops on each side, cut yarn. Work 2nd
section having 513 loops, cut yarn. Work 3rd section having 349 loops,
cut yarn. Work 4th section having 389 loops, cut yarn. Work 5th section
having 1269 loops, cut yarn.

With Pompadour, join in 1st s c of 1st section, ch 12, s c in 1st 3
loops working through all 3 loops at one time (cluster), * ch 5, s c
through next 3 loops, repeat from * 5 times (7 clusters), ** ch 5, s c
through next 20 loops, * ch 5, s c through next 3 loops, repeat from *
6 times, repeat from ** 12 times, ch 5, s c through next 20 loops, *
ch 5, s c through next 3 loops, repeat from * 6 times, ch 12, s c in
center s c at end of section, ch 12, s c through next 20 loops and work
other side to correspond, cut yarn.

=2nd Section.= Join in 1st s c of 2nd section, ch 10, skip last 20 loop
cluster and 3--3 loop clusters of 1st section, s c in 3rd st of next ch
of 1st section, ** ch 2, s c through 3 loops of 2nd section, * ch 2, s
c in 3rd st of next ch of 1st section, ch 2, s c through next 3 loops
of 2nd section, repeat from * 5 times, ch 2, s c in 3rd st of next ch
of 1st section, ch 2, s c through 20 loops of 2nd section, ch 2, s c in
3rd st of next ch of 1st section, repeat from ** 11 times, * ch 2, s c
through next 3 loops of 2nd section, ch 2, s c in 3rd st of next ch of
1st section, repeat from * 6 times, ch 10, s c in center s c at end of
2nd section, ch 12, s c through next 20 loops and work other side in
same manner as 1st section, cut yarn.

=3rd Section.= Join in 1st s c of 3rd section, ch 10, skip 2--20 loop
clusters and 11--3 loop clusters of 2nd section, s c in 3rd st of next
ch of 2nd section, and work in same manner as 2nd section, working to
within last 11--3 loops and 2--20 loop clusters of 2nd section at end
of row, work other side in same manner as 2nd section, cut yarn.

=4th Section.= Join in 1st s c of 4th section, ch 12, ** s c through
next 20 loops, * ch 5, s c through next 3 loops, repeat from * 6 times,
ch 5, repeat from ** 8 times, s c through next 20 loops, ch 12, s c in
center s c at end of section, ch 10, skip 18--3 loop clusters and 2--20
loop clusters, s c in 3rd st of next ch of 1st section and work in same
manner as other section, skipping 11--3 loop and 2--20 loop clusters at
end of row, cut yarn.

=5th Section.= Join in s c of last 20 loop cluster of 3rd section, ch
2, s c through 9 loops of 5th section, ch 2, s c in 4th st of ch 12
of 3rd section, ch 2, s c through next 3 loops of 5th section, ch 2,
s c in 8th st of ch 12 of 3rd section, ch 2, s c through next 3 loops
of 5th section, ch 2, s c in next s c of 3rd section, work 24 more 3
loop clusters in same manner (26--3 loop clusters), s c in last 20 loop
cluster of 2nd section, ch 2, s c through 9 loops of 5th section, ch 2,
s c in 4th st of ch 12 and work 10--3 loop clusters, s c in 3rd st of
last ch 5 of 1st section, ch 2, s c through 9 loops, ch 2, s c in top
of 20 loop cluster of 1st section (always ch 2 between clusters), work
2--3 loop clusters and 1--9 loop cluster in 1st ch 12 of 1st section,
work 1--3 loop cluster and 2--9 loop clusters in next ch 12 of 1st
section, s c in s c at top of 3 loop cluster of 1st section, ch 2, s
c through 9 loops of 5th section, ch 2, s c in 3rd st of ch of 1st
section, then work 36--3 loop clusters up to the 8th st of 2nd ch 12 of
4th section, work 1--9 loop cluster and 120--3 loop clusters up to the
s c of last 20 loop cluster of 4th section, work 1--9 loop and 37--3
loop clusters, s c in 3rd st of last ch 5 of 1st section, ch 2, work
3--9 loop clusters, 1--3 loop cluster, 1--9 loop cluster and 2--3 loop
clusters, s c in top of next 20 loop cluster, work 1--9 loop cluster,
10--3 loop clusters, 1--9 loop cluster, s c in s c of 1st 20 loop
cluster of 2nd section, work 26--3 loop clusters, 1--9 loop cluster,
s c in s c of 1st 20 loop cluster of 3rd section, work 107--3 loop
clusters, join, cut yarn.

=EDGE=: With Pompadour, join in any 3 loops, s c in same space, ch 3, s
c in s c for picot, * ch 3, s c through next 3 loops, ch 3, s c in s c
for picot, repeat from * all around, ch 3, join, cut yarn.




_Have you seen the other Star instruction books?_


  Available at your nearest
  Art Needlework Counter--10¢ each


Book #75 Nylon Book

[Illustration]

Many basic styles in sweaters, mittens, socks for the whole family to
be knitted and crocheted in this fabulous new fiber.


Book #76 Beginner’s Manual of Crochet

[Illustration]

Crochet stitches from beginner’s class to the professional. Contains
instructions for tatting and hairpin lace.


Book #78 Television and Radio Scarfs

[Illustration]

Directions for many motifs to be made into doilies, scarfs,
tablecloths, bedspreads--also handkerchief insertions.


Book #79 Hats and Bags

[Illustration]

Hats, bags, beanies, slippers and gloves--directions for all these
fashion accessories in this new STAR Book.


Book #81 Edgings

[Illustration]

Crocheted, tatted, hairpin lace edgings for your finest handkerchiefs.
All easy to make and wonderful to give.


Book #82 Beautiful, Beautiful Afghans

[Illustration]

Motif designs as well as all-over designs in this full color booklet.
Some can be crocheted while watching television.


Book #84 Dolls and Dolls

[Illustration]

Characters of story book fame to be crocheted with STAR Brand Cottons.
Bride and Groom included.


Book #85 A.B.C. of Embroidery Stitches

[Illustration]

Over forty embroidery stitches as well as instructions for Swedish
Embroidery for Huck Toweling.




Transcriber’s Notes

The explanation of the abbreviations and the note explaining the
meaning of * and ** throughout have been relocated to the start for
convenience.

